UnexpecTEDIntentPolicy: Docs (#8908)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/command-line-interface.mdx

This will first train a model and then start an interactive shell session.
You can then correct your assistants predictions as you talk to it.
Please, note that if [`IntentTEDPolicy`](./policies.mdx#intenttedpolicy) is
included in the pipeline, `action_unlikely_intent` can be predicted at any conversation turn.
You can then choose to confirm or deny the action prediction, but this choice doesn't matter

> as running this action doesn't have any implications.

Reviewer: @dakshvar22 I've added this information about `rasa interactive` here

> Please, note that if [`IntentTEDPolicy`](./policies.mdx#intenttedpolicy) is
> included in the pipeline, `action_unlikely_intent` can be predicted at any conversation turn.
> You can then choose to confirm or deny the action prediction, but this choice doesn't matter
> as running this action doesn't have any implications.
> 

Author: @alwx Wdyt?
```suggestion
If [`IntentTEDPolicy`](./policies.mdx#intent-ted-policy) is
included in the pipeline, [`action_unlikely_intent`](./default-actions.mdx#action_unlikely_intent] can be triggered at any conversation turn. If so, the following message will be displayed: `The bot wants to run 'action_unlikely_intent' to indicate that the last user message was unexpected at this point in the conversation. Check out IntentTEDPolicy docs to learn more.`. As the message states, this is an indication that you have explored a conversation path which is unexpected according to the current set of training stories and hence adding this path to training stories is a good idea. Like other bot actions, you can choose to confirm or deny running this action.

```
